[RLlib; docs] Docs do-over (new API stack): Rewrite/enhance "getting started" rst page. (#49950)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/rllib/index.rst

.. note::

    To be able to run the Atari or MuJoCo examples, you also need to do:

    .. code-block:: bash

        pip install "gymnasium[atari,accept-rom-license,mujoco]"

> This is all, you can now start coding against RLlib. Here is an example for running the :ref:`PPO Algorithm <ppo>` on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are ready to start coding against RLlib. The following is an example for running the :ref:`PPO Algorithm <ppo>` on the
```

`Taxi domain <https://gymnasium.farama.org/environments/toy_text/taxi/>`__.

> You first create a `config` for the algorithm, which defines the :ref:`RL environment <rllib-key-concepts-environments>` and any other needed settings and parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First create a `config` for the algorithm, which defines the :ref:`RL environment <rllib-key-concepts-environments>` and any other needed settings and parameters.
```

.. testcode::

    from ray.rllib.algorithms.ppo import PPOConfig
    from ray.rllib.connectors.env_to_module import FlattenObservations

    # Configure the algorithm.
    config = (
        PPOConfig()
        .environment("Taxi-v3")
        .env_runners(
            num_env_runners=2,
            # Observations are discrete (ints) -> We need to flatten (one-hot) them.
            env_to_module_connector=lambda env: FlattenObservations(),
        )
        .evaluation(evaluation_num_env_runners=1)
    )

Next, ``build`` the algorithm and ``train`` it for a total of five iterations.
One training iteration includes parallel, distributed sample collection by the
:py:class:`~ray.rllib.env.env_runner.EnvRunner` actors, followed by loss calculation
on the collected data, and a model update step.

.. testcode::

    from pprint import pprint

    # Build the algorithm.
    algo = config.build_algo()

    # Train it for 5 iterations ...
    for _ in range(5):
        pprint(algo.train())

> At the end of your script, you evaluate the trained Algorithm and release all its resources:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the end of the script, evaluate the trained Algorithm and release all its resources:
```

.. testcode::

    # ... and evaluate it.
    pprint(algo.evaluate())

    # Release the algo's resources (remote actors, like EnvRunners and Learners).
    algo.stop()

You can use any `Farama-Foundation Gymnasium <https://github.com/Farama-Foundation/Gymnasium>`__ registered environment
with the ``env`` argument.

In ``config.env_runners()`` you can specify - amongst many other things - the number of parallel
:py:class:`~ray.rllib.env.env_runner.EnvRunner` actors to collect samples from the environment.

You can also tweak the NN architecture used by tweaking RLlib's :py:class:`~ray.rllib.core.rl_module.default_model_cnofig.DefaultModelConfig`,
as well as, set up a separate config for the evaluation
:py:class:`~ray.rllib.env.env_runner.EnvRunner` actors through the ``config.evaluation()`` method.

> :ref:`See here <rllib-python-api>`, if you want to learn more about the RLlib training APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See :ref:`rllib-python-api`, to learn more about the RLlib training APIs.
```

.. testcode::

    from ray.rllib.algorithms.ppo import PPOConfig
    from ray.rllib.connectors.env_to_module import FlattenObservations

    # Configure the algorithm.
    config = (
        PPOConfig()
        .environment("Taxi-v3")
        .env_runners(
            num_env_runners=2,
            # Observations are discrete (ints) -> We need to flatten (one-hot) them.
            env_to_module_connector=lambda env: FlattenObservations(),
        )
        .evaluation(evaluation_num_env_runners=1)
    )

Next, ``build`` the algorithm and ``train`` it for a total of five iterations.
One training iteration includes parallel, distributed sample collection by the
:py:class:`~ray.rllib.env.env_runner.EnvRunner` actors, followed by loss calculation
on the collected data, and a model update step.

.. testcode::

    from pprint import pprint

    # Build the algorithm.
    algo = config.build_algo()

    # Train it for 5 iterations ...
    for _ in range(5):
        pprint(algo.train())

At the end of your script, you evaluate the trained Algorithm:

.. testcode::

    # ... and evaluate it.
    pprint(algo.evaluate())

.. testcode::
    :hide:

>     algo.stop()

Reviewer 2: Haha. Yes that is needed.

Reviewer 2: We might however show it explicitly as otherwise users might run into problems.

Reviewer 2: ... in their own code

Author: Great idea. Will add a one-liner for this API.

Author: done
